movieclips trailers has reached an
astonishing 4 million subscribers we
want to thank everyone for subscribing
and loving all the hot new trailers are
4 million subscribers have helped our
channel reach an astonishing 2478 years
of watch time but how big is 4 million 4
million is half the population of New
York City and more than the total
population of Los Angeles 4 million
subscribers could fill up the Roman
Colosseum from gladiator 50 times 4
million is the total population of all
12 districts in The Hunger Games and 23
of you would die every year if each of
our subscribers stood shoulder to
shoulder they would stretch from Los
Angeles to Oklahoma City if we put you
all on a giant scale you'd weigh 290
thousand metric tons that weighs more
than 71,000 elephants if we put all four
million of your viewing devices together
to create a giant jumbo tron it would be
over 9 football fields wide that's one
king big TV if each subscriber got a
medium-sized popcorn there would be
enough buttery deliciousness to fill up
more than 8 olympic-sized swimming pools
4 million people is enough to feed a
starving t-rex in Jurassic Park 4
million times 4 million minutes is over
seven and a half years of time that's
enough time to travel the world and
trained as a vigilante like Bruce Wayne
in Batman Begins you could watch the
entire harry potter film series over
3300 times still not enough Emma Watson
in my opinion 4 million minutes is
enough time to watch the entire Lord of
the Rings trilogy over 5500 times or the
very special extended blu-ray edition
once 4 million minutes is how long
Rachel McAdams waited for Ryan Gosling
in the notebook I still don't think she
deserves him if 500 days of summer was
called for Milly
days of summer that would be nearly
11,000 years of dating zooey deschanel
that's a lot of bangs we leave you today
with four million digits of the number
pi boy that's a load of random numbers
until the next million marker from all
of us at movieclips we send you
champagne wishes and caviar dreams